# Changelog

1.7.0 - DD-MMM-2025
===================
- Added support for UNIX98 pseudoterminals (pty).
- Added support for the devpts filesystem.
- Added the member s_blocksize_bits in the superblock struct to use bitwise
  shift instead of division in ext2_bmap() and ext2_truncate().
- Added the RSS column in the list of processes generated by the Magic SysRq
  key 't'.
- Added the 'fd' structure as a new argument in ioctl() and select() methods.
- Added a free data pointer called 'private_data', in 'fd' structure, which is
  mostly used by the tty driver for now.
- Added support for the command TIOCINQ in tty_ioctl().
- Added the new kernel parameter 'ps2_noreset=' (defaults to 0) to avoid
  resetting the PS/2 controller.
- Changed modulo operations by bitwise (where possible) to reduce dependency
  on libgcc.
- Changed static array tty_table to dynamic.
- Removed flags from LDFLAGS that prevented compiling the kernel with newer
  GCC versions. [#97]
- Removed the dir_write method from the ext2 and minix filesystems.
- Removed a condition in do_sched() because it has no effect.
- Removed an unneeded assignment to need_resched in do_exit().
- Renamed the functions *_dir_readdir() and *_dir_readdir64() to *_readdir()
  and *_readdir64().
- Renamed all *fd_table arguments to avoid shadowing the global fd_table array.
- Simplified a do-while in reclaim_siblings() and improved reclaim_buffers().
- Fixed ext2_balloc() and ext2_ialloc() to return -ENOSPC when there is no
  space on the device.
- Fixed fs.h to include fd.h when CONFIG_NET is not set.
- Fixed kernel crashes with 'WARNING: page_head returned NULL! (free_pages = 0)'
  when using a RAMdisk as the root filesystem. [#98]
- Fixed ext2_file_write() to avoid brelse() on a NULL buffer. [#98]
- Fixed sys_open() to catch attempts to write on a directory.
- Fixed missing iput() in procfs_lookup() and procfs_followlink().
- Fixed sys_mount() to save the mount point for nodev filesystems.
- Fixed unintended fall-through in set_color() of fbcon.c.
- Fixed a bug in send_sig() that missed SIGCONT and SIGWINCH signals.
